- [Instructor] Traversing each entry in a map
can be challenging when first learning about collections.
So let me show you how it works.
To do that, I'm going to start out
by invoking the entrySet method on our map,
and I'm actually going to assign this to a variable
so you can see the typing of the object returned.
Now, as its name implies,
the entrySet is a set that contains entries.
Now, the entry itself is a generic type.
So first, we need to specify
the type of the key used for our map
and then the type of the values used for our map.
All right, so now we have the type of our variable
and I'm just going to name it CV for collection view.
Now, let's talk about this for one minute.
You'll notice that the returned object is a set,
so that means it extends the collection interface
and it also extends the iterable interface.
So we can use this set within the enhanced for-each loop
and that's typically how the entrySet is worked with.
Let's check that out.
So I'm going to go ahead and declare a for loop,
and then I'm actually going to copy
the type information for our entry
because that's what we're going to be iterating through
is the entries within that set.
So I'll go ahead
and place that on the left side of the colon.
And then on the right side,
we need to invoke the entrySet method again
in order to get our entrySet
that we're going to iterate through.
And then also we need to provide a name for the object
that's going to be assigned each entry.
Okay, so now inside the body of our loop,
we can work with the entry.
So let's go ahead and declare a variable of type room
and then I'm going to get the key from the entry.
Then we can get the guest as well
using the getValue method.
So now we have the room and the guest from the entry
stored into variables.
Let's go ahead and we can print these out to the console
just to see them.
So I'm going to go ahead and specify a pattern
to the format method that prints the two strings
and a new line character.
Then I just need to get the name of the room
and pass it in as the first argument to the pattern
and then I'll get the guest's first name.
Okay, so we can go ahead and execute this code
and you'll see that we iterate
through the entries in our map.
Before we wrap up, there's one more point I'd like to make.
The entrySet is a collection.
So if you would like, you could also use a stream
to iterate through the entries in the entrySet.
So that's where we'll end our discussion
and exploration of the map.